Add log size limits (#8574)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/dbt-versions/2025-release-notes.md

## October 2025

> - **Behavior change**: dbt enforces cumulative log size limits on run endpoints. If logs exceed this limit, dbt omits them and displays a banner. For more information, see [Run visibility](/docs/deploy/run-visibility#log-size-limits).

Author: ```suggestion
- **Enhancement**: dbt enforces cumulative log size limits on run endpoints. If logs exceed this limit, dbt omits them and displays a banner. For more information, see [Run visibility](/docs/deploy/run-visibility#log-size-limits).
```

## October 2025

> - **Behavior change**: dbt enforces cumulative log size limits on run endpoints. If logs exceed this limit, they are omitted and a banner is displayed. For more information, see [Run visibility](/docs/deploy/run-visibility#log-size-limits).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Behavior change**: dbt enforces cumulative log size limits on run endpoints. If logs exceed this limit, dbt omits them and displays a banner. For more information, see [Run visibility](/docs/deploy/run-visibility#log-size-limits).
```

>   **Note:** This behavior was introduced in October 2025 but was not documented at the time. See [February 2026 release notes](/docs/dbt-versions/dbt-cloud-release-notes#february-2026) for details.

Reviewer: sugg removing the “Note” here so the oct 2025 entry stands on its own as a behavior change. we mention the docs clarification  [here](https://github.com/dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com/pull/8574/changes#r2797908356) in the feb 2026 release notes, so i don't think we don’t need cross-month context here.
```suggestion
```
